
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000875                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   874760500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  874760500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 322188                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   619379                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1076044793                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 683908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      261565                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        503184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          85632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             328960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        85632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         85632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data            3802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                5140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                  3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst          97891937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         278165281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             376057218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     97891937                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         97891937                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         219489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               219489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         219489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst         97891937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        278165281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            376276707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1338.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3800.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000001099750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               10498                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        5140                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      5140                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 328832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  328960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                  192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     874680500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  5140                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    5137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    322.328417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.873410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   338.261032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          365     35.89%     35.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          239     23.50%     59.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          109     10.72%     70.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           62      6.10%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      3.64%     79.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      2.95%     82.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      2.16%     84.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      1.87%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          134     13.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        85632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       243200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 97891937.278832316399                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 278018954.902513325214                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1338                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3802                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            3                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     41023500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124970500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30660.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32869.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     69656500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               165994000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   25690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13557.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32307.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       375.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    376.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4114                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 80.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     170072.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  3727080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1969605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                19178040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         66381120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             47532300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              2092800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       297139290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        32273280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          8714520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              479008035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            547.587637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            765037000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1769000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      28080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     29406500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     84026500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      79830750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    651647750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  3584280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1889910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                17507280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         68225040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             45737370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1971840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       312319530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        30396480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          2918220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              484584870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            553.962908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            769003750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1655500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      28860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      5177250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     79138250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      74973500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    684956000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       60486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       29972                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           162                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                      347018                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           172                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    93                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          1749521                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                      261565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                        503184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                484827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  27395                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        47256                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                       484827                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         27395                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              939125                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             406015                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                49922                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               17437                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               325233                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              196969                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         90447                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       60476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      29971                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    1749521                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                             53908                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3440      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    390375     77.58%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      166      0.03%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      3094      0.61%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     124      0.02%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     8618      1.71%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1798      0.36%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2648      0.53%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1721      0.34%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    686      0.14%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   7      0.00%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  26      0.01%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  19      0.00%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    57517     11.43%     93.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   21444      4.26%     97.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2959      0.59%     98.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8527      1.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                     503184                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1397.449170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               90458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              4003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.597552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1397.449170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.682348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.682348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976074                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            184919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           184919                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        58139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           58139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        28316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          28316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data        86455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            86455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data        86455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           86455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          2347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1656                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1656                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           4003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          4003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137884000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137884000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    330229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    330229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        60486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        90458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        90458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        90458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        90458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81953.557733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81953.557733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83263.285024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83263.285024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82495.378466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82495.378466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82495.378466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82495.378466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    189998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136228000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136228000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    326226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    326226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80953.557733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80953.557733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82263.285024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82263.285024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81495.378466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81495.378466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81495.378466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81495.378466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                   2004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           685.718920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              347018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            257.240919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   685.718920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.334824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.334824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.580078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            695385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           695385                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       345669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          345669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       345669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           345669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       345669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          345669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112507500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112507500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112507500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112507500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112507500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112507500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       347018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       347018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       347018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       347018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       347018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83400.667161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83400.667161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83400.667161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83400.667161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83400.667161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83400.667161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111158500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111158500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82400.667161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82400.667161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82400.667161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82400.667161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82400.667161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82400.667161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2586.219622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        7497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      5154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.454598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       0.580897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       710.067106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      1875.571618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.043339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.114476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.157850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          5062                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          699                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.308960                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     20186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    20186                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total              690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              161                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data           168                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               168                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                  201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                 201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            1623                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1623                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1338                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1338                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         2179                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2179                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               3802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              3802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133397500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     133397500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109015000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    109015000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184713000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    184713000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109015000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318110500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        427125500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318110500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       427125500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          161                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          1656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1349                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1349                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data             4003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data            4003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.980072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.980072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991846                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.991846                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.928419                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.928419                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.991846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.949788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.960389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.991846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.949788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.960389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82191.928527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82191.928527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81476.083707                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81476.083707                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84769.619091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84769.619091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81476.083707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83669.253025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83098.346304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81476.083707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83669.253025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83098.346304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                   3                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                         3                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1338                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1338                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2179                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2179                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          3802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117167500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117167500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95635000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95635000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280090500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    375725500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280090500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    375725500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.980072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.928419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.949788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.960389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.949788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.960389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72191.928527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72191.928527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71476.083707                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71476.083707                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74769.619091                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74769.619091                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71476.083707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73669.253025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73098.346304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71476.083707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73669.253025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73098.346304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                             92                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          5184                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           44                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               41                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        10324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        10324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       329152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       329152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  329152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5140    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           27276500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         7517                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         2167                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             67                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           67                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    874760500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 12869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       300352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 396992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                              92                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       192                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             5444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.012858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.112673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   5374     98.71%     98.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     70      1.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               5444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            4609500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2023500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           6004500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
