
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002422                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2421770500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 2421770500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 171186                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   332605                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1172750057                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 683888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      353283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        686623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          78144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data        1256640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1334784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        78144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         78144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        78208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           78208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data           19635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               20856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks         1222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst          32267302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         518893099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             551160401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     32267302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         32267302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       32293729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             32293729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       32293729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst         32267302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        518893099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            583454130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1222.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1221.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19635.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.001375912500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           75                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           75                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               43296                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState               1129                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       20856                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1222                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     20856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1222                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1334784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   76928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1334784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                78208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    2421755500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 20856                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1222                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   20855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    571.741988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   369.825908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   405.762316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          445     18.05%     18.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          390     15.82%     33.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          195      7.91%     41.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          138      5.60%     47.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          107      4.34%     51.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           83      3.37%     55.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          106      4.30%     59.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          114      4.62%     64.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          887     35.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           75                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     278.040000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     39.947022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1010.627373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            69     92.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      1.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      1.33%     94.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      1.33%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      1.33%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.33%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      1.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            75                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           75                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.026667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.025147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.230940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               74     98.67%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            75                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        78144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1256640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        76928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 32267301.959454871714                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 518893099.077720224857                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 31765189.971551805735                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1221                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        19635                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1222                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     39172000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    594045250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  39754182000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32081.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30254.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  32532063.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    242167250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               633217250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  104280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11611.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30361.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       551.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    551.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     32.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      17.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    18555                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1025                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     109690.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  9124920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  4823445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                75691140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4567500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         131532960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            170046390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              7503360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       528571260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        47730240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        183980760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             1163571975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            480.463353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           2029260000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10622000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      55640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    745878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    124287000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     326204250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1159139250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  8568000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4531230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                73220700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1706940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         138908640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            169556190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              5549760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       550724310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        67238880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        165473040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             1185823140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            489.651327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           2034012250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      6491500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      58760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    651888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    175100250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     321960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1207570500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       58899                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      158292                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           167                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           294                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                      479326                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           169                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    78                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          4843541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                      353283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                        686623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                671354                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 154418                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4555                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        59100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                       671354                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        154418                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             1390515                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             448814                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               165345                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14631                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               374885                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              237623                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        217171                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       58880                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     158291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4843541                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                             66829                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3291      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    451364     65.74%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      334      0.05%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      2059      0.30%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     593      0.09%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1172      0.17%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1826      0.27%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2680      0.39%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5352      0.78%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    709      0.10%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   8      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  28      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  21      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    55958      8.15%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   19951      2.91%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2922      0.43%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             138340     20.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                     686623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1809.857173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              217191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             19773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.984221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            180500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1809.857173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.883719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            454155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           454155                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        56471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           56471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data       140947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         140947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data       197418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           197418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data       197418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          197418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        19773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          19773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         19773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203821500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203821500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1438116500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1438116500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1641938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1641938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1641938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1641938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        58899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       158292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       158292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       217191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       217191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       217191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       217191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.109576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.109576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83946.252059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83946.252059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82912.453157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82912.453157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83039.397158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83039.397158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83039.397158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83039.397158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        15552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             15552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201393500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201393500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1420771500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1420771500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1622165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1622165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.109576                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109576                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82946.252059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82946.252059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81912.453157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81912.453157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82039.397158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82039.397158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82039.397158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82039.397158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  17725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           910.924291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              479326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            389.063312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   910.924291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.444787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.444787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.541016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            959884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           959884                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       478094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          478094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       478094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           478094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       478094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          478094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104426500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104426500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104426500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104426500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104426500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104426500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       479326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       479326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       479326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       479326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       479326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       479326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84761.769481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84761.769481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84761.769481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84761.769481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84761.769481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84761.769481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103194500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103194500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103194500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103194500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103194500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103194500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83761.769481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83761.769481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83761.769481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83761.769481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83761.769481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83761.769481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8083.852225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       38839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     20890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.859215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       7.710592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       604.205103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      7471.936530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.456051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.493399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6617                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     98594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    98594                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15552                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15552                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          124                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              124                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               118                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                  138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                 138                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           17325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1221                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1221                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         2310                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2310                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              19635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  20856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             19635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 20856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1394542500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1394542500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101227000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    101227000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196511000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    196511000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1591053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1692280500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1591053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1692280500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15552                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15552                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          124                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          124                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         17345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             17345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1232                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1232                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            19773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           19773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991071                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.991071                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.951400                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.951400                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.991071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.993021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.992906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.991071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.993021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.992906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80493.073593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80493.073593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82904.995905                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82904.995905                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85069.696970                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85069.696970                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82904.995905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81031.499873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81141.182394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82904.995905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81031.499873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81141.182394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                1222                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1222                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           13                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            13                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1221                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1221                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2310                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2310                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         19635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             20856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            20856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1221292500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1221292500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89017000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89017000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173411000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173411000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1394703500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1483720500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     89017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1394703500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1483720500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.951400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.992906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.992906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70493.073593                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70493.073593                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72904.995905                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72904.995905                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75069.696970                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75069.696970                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72904.995905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71031.499873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71141.182394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72904.995905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71031.499873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71141.182394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                           4506                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         24271                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        45127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1412992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1412992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1412992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             20856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   20856    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               20856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            29168000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          110104250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        38854                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17849                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1104                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1104                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2421770500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            17345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           17345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        57271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 59859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        86784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2260800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2347584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4506                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     78208                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            25511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.043354                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.203656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  24405     95.66%     95.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1106      4.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              25511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           35103000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1848000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29659500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
