
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.020734                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20733899500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                20733899500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 369299                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   699000                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              675165697                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 688976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    30.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11340344                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      21465300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         104768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         499648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             604416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       104768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        104768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks         2240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            2240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data            7807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                9444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks           35                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 35                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst           5052981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data          24098120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              29151101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      5052981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          5052981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         108036                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               108036                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         108036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst          5052981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data         24098120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29259137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        35.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1637.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7804.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.038414474500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               20997                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                 15                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        9444                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         35                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      9444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 604224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  604416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 2240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   20733819500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  9444                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   35                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    9441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    237.398272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.150290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.941111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          863     33.90%     33.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          808     31.74%     65.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          130      5.11%     70.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          556     21.84%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      1.34%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.82%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.71%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.79%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           96      3.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           9432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9432.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       104768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       499456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         1024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5052980.988935534842                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24088859.888608992100                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 49387.718890023556                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7807                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           35                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     57784750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    507264750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 154728719000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35299.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     64975.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 4420820542.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    388030750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               565049500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   47205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     41100.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                59850.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        29.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     29.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      13.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6892                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                      13                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                37.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2187342.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  9646140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5119455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                33022500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  73080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         600503280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            172749900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             34479840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1917423570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1150592160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       3258524220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7182378705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            346.407520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          20264173750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     66143500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     254020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  13063514500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2996300250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     149073500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4204847750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  8575140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4542615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                34386240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  10440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         678562560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            187575030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             43169760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2121802770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1346429280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       3053428680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7478575005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            360.693125                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          20209809750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     85745000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     287040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  12050513500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3506335750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     151261000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4653004250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     2373492                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1479909                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           373                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    15793011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           200                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   117                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         41467799                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    11340344                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      21465300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              21255220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 204645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      164705                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2172229                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     21255220                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        204645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            41646646                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           17521560                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               321496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              168293                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             14714837                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             7412428                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3848749                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     2368845                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1479904                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   41467799                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2599056                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 93169      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  17215700     80.20%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16368      0.08%     80.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    164255      0.77%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     145      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1252      0.01%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    52374      0.24%     81.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12348      0.06%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14979      0.07%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    800      0.00%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               19371      0.09%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7163      0.03%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                9257      0.04%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               9366      0.04%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  4      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  2317749     10.80%     92.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1457407      6.79%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51096      0.24%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22497      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   21465300                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2011.110151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             3853401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             10301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            374.080283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2011.110151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          593                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           7717103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          7717103                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data      2368647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         2368647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      1474453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1474453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data      3843100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          3843100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data      3843100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         3843100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          4845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          10301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         10301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    251511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    704728500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    704728500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    956239500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    956239500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    956239500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    956239500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2373492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2373492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1479909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1479909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3853401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3853401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3853401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3853401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51911.455108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51911.455108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 129165.780792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129165.780792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92829.773808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92829.773808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92829.773808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92829.773808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         5884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    699272500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    699272500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945938500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    945938500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945938500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    945938500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50911.455108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50911.455108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 128165.780792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128165.780792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91829.773808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91829.773808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91829.773808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91829.773808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                   8253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1285.479347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            15793011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           9439.934848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1285.479347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.627675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.627675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.685547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          31587695                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         31587695                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     15791338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        15791338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     15791338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         15791338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     15791338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        15791338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145554500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145554500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145554500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145554500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145554500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145554500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     15793011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15793011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     15793011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     15793011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     15793011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     15793011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87002.092050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87002.092050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87002.092050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87002.092050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87002.092050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87002.092050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143881500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143881500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143881500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143881500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143881500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143881500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86002.092050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86002.092050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86002.092050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86002.092050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86002.092050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86002.092050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  6595.926441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       20453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.162508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       7.693717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst      1397.674342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      5190.558382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.085307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.316807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.402583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          9090                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.554810                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     50444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    50444                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5884                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             5884                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          268                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              268                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             36                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 36                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          2452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 2494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  36                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                2494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            5414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1637                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1637                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         2393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               7807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1637                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              7807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    690647500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     690647500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140985500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    140985500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    213651000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    213651000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140985500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904298500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1045284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140985500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904298500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1045284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5884                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5884                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          268                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          268                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          5456                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              5456                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1673                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1673                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          4845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            10301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           10301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.992302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.978482                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.978482                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.493911                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493911                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.978482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.757888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.788709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.978482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.757888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.788709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 127566.956040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127566.956040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86124.312767                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86124.312767                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89281.654827                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89281.654827                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86124.312767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115831.753555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110682.337992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86124.312767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115831.753555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110682.337992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                  35                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        35                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           40                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            40                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1637                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1637                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2393                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2393                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          7807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    636507500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    636507500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124615500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124615500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    189721000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189721000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124615500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826228500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    950844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124615500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826228500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    950844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.978482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.493911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.978482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.757888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.788709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.978482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.757888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.788709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 117566.956040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117566.956040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76124.312767                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76124.312767                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79281.654827                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79281.654827                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76124.312767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105831.753555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100682.337992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76124.312767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105831.753555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100682.337992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                            368                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          9662                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          218                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        19106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        19106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       606656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       606656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  606656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              9444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    9444    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                9444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           50134500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        20496                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8522                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            190                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          190                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20733899500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              6518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2702                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1673                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 32470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       124288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1035840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1160128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             368                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                      2240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            12342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.015638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.124074                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  12149     98.44%     98.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    193      1.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              12342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           16401000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2509500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          15451500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
